we're going to be going turkey hunting
in the morning going to go up after dark
right up along that pinched line getting
Bucky that's a big fat quell any are you
going up if you can see the fence line
there we're just going to go up there to
the border of the wildlife area and set
up a couple blinds and there's been a
big old Tom up there so we're gonna see
what we can do in the morning you gotta
hike up there in the dark and get set up
about an hour before a few time so let's
see what happens
my buddy just fired a shot if you got a
bird I haven't had any come down my way
maybe he got 10 somebody scared my birds
off let's see let's see what he got
there baby Jake yeah out of Jake and to
jakes and Tom came in yeah it sounded
like three then it sound like one more
farther down and one one's been right
over here yeah finally uh they see my
moving decoy and they come in running
huh the damn calm stayed out about 50
yards strutting up the hill
and a Jake these two came down one Jake
had a longer beater this the shorter
period of course uh-huh she the stupid
one came across the pants see what's
going on Shannon I couldn't wait for the
column he wouldn't she want from you
yeah they're smart after a couple shots
after he watched a little amazed you're
still gobbling up there well in
afterwards they stopped and then i went
ahead and i start calling oh but again
thought may have been getting became
this way toward you and they came back
down and they start beating him up
kicking the shit off i took home more
and they like it anymore they they start
walking up the hill at an angle right
here slowly they didn't form scared no I
heard the shooting I thing as stay put
for a while cuz I could still hear him
gobbling up there man a--they or when
they come running by me yeah I just had
this for a while afterwards it may be
you know keep him working but yeah they
didn't run along ah smart bird but
really stupid yeah can you hold him up
good shot
I can say this is a big old Jake pretty
good deal though yeah dinner Easter
dinner and you let Bucky out for a
little yeah run and I'll hang out may as
well still son cums walk right up to me
yeah yeah yeah here's right here looking
at me then he moved over there looked at
me then it came back looks everything he
I kind of got up and looked at in the
new
we didn't get that big time we were
after but we came back with a Jake so
it's not bad I got something anyway
gorgeous dado today he's crazy weather
was 80 degrees yesterday I could get off
the table buggy so well behaved
you